Using the provided reference image, create an ultra-realistic, photorealistic version. Transform the anime character into a hyper-detailed, cinematic photograph. The character should be in a unique and different dynamic mid air attack posture you can imagine different from the referenced photo—show them attack-motion with aggressive and angry expression, unleashing a powerful attack move with their weapon. Surround them with a dramatic, glowing aura and energy/elements particles that suit their power. Place them in a thematic, mythic background that complements and suits their story.

CRITICAL: Preserve every original character detail perfectly—hairstyle, face, eyes, outfit colors, and weapon design. Remove any logos or text from the image.

Style: 8K, photorealistic, Unreal Engine 5, detailed textures, dramatic volumetric lighting, concept art, masterpiece.

The character is 


Using the provided reference image, create an ultra-realistic, photorealistic version. Transform the anime character into a hyper-detailed, cinematic photograph. The character should be in a unique and different dynamic defense posture from the back side trying to defend themselves that you can imagine in a different from the referenced photo—show them full-defense-stance with smirk and side eye expression, defending themselves a powerful attack move with their weapon. Surround them with a dramatic, glowing aura and energy/element particles that suit their power. Place them in a thematic, mythic background that complements and suits their story and surrounding.

CRITICAL: Preserve every original character detail perfectly—hairstyle, face, eyes, outfit colors, and weapon design. Remove any logos or text from the image.

Style: 8K, photorealistic, Unreal Engine 5, detailed textures, dramatic volumetric lighting, concept art, masterpiece



highly detailed appearance wise from head, face, facial structure, expression, eyes, body, body type, lower body, upperbody, accessories(if they have any), clothes, fits, nose, lips, hair, hairstyle, color of hair, color of eyes, color of every details. Can you help me make a hyper realistic prompt for


summarize it and make it in a highly detailed long unified paragraph without missing a detail and that defines it appearance wise in a very amazing dynamic posture and aggressive expression in mid air from the side view.